GPT-J-6B (#13022)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/model_doc/gptj.rst

.. 
    Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

GPT J
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The GPT J model was released in the `kingoflolz/mesh-transformer-jax <https://github.com/kingoflolz/mesh-transformer-jax>`__ repository by Ben Wang and Aran Komatsuzaki. It is a GPT2 like causal language model trained on the
`Pile <https://pile.eleuther.ai/>`__ dataset.

> The architecture is similar to GPT2 except that GPT J uses local attention in every other layer with a window size of

Reviewer: GPT-J is global attention only.

.. 
    Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
    the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
    an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

GPT-J
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The GPT-J model was released in the `kingoflolz/mesh-transformer-jax
<https://github.com/kingoflolz/mesh-transformer-jax>`__ repository by Ben Wang and Aran Komatsuzaki. It is a GPT-2-like
causal language model trained on `the Pile <https://pile.eleuther.ai/>`__ dataset.

> This model was contributed by `Stella Biderman <https://huggingface.co/stellaathena>`__.

Reviewer 2: If applicable, we should add:
```
The original code can be found `here <link_to_where>`__.
```

Author: Is this instead of or in addition to
> The GPT-J model was released in the `kingoflolz/mesh-transformer-jax
 <https://github.com/kingoflolz/mesh-transformer-jax>`__ repository by Ben Wang and Aran Komatsuzaki.

Reviewer 3: In addition would be great :-)

Author: @patrickvonplaten to be clear, the source of the original code _is_ the repository. It seems a little redundant to me.

Reviewer 3: Fine by me!

Generation
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

> The :obj:`generate()` method can be used to generate text using GPT-J model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :meth:`~transformers.generation_utils.GenerationMixin.generate` method can be used to generate text using GPT-J model.
```
This will create a link to the documentation of that method.

.. code-block::

    >>> from transformers import GPTNeoForCausalLM, GPT2Tokenizer
    >>> model = GPTNeoForCausalLM.from_pretrained("EleutherAI/gpt-j-6B")

>     >>> tokenizer = GPT2Tokenizer.from_pretrained("EleutherAI/gpt-j-6B")

Reviewer 2: Nit: in general we prefer to advertise the `AutoModelForCausalLM` and `AutoTokenizer` classes now, as they work for any checkpoints.
